well obviously I won't be able to come
for those of you who haven't checked
their calendars today's my due date well
you know I just want to take a moment
and thank you guys for how great you've
been during this time I really couldn't
have done it without you and I have
loved these last nine months and even
though I'm so looking forward to the
next part I am really gonna miss being
pregnant
[Music]
that's right still no baby come on
people please would make some room
sweetie maybe you'd be more comfortable
here you like you haven't done enough
but I know how miserable you are I wish
there was something I can do I wish I
were a seahorse because with seahorses
the midst the male they carry the babies
and then also I'd be far away in the sea
whoa I have never been so uncomfortable
in my entire life
oh I know I've been there I remember
toward the end maybe that's a great
story could you tell it to me while
you're getting me some iced tea oh I get
out
let's
oh I have to pee I don't come out in
five minutes it's because I've choked to
death on the potpourri stink when she
comes out you hold her nose I'll blow in
her mouth and the kid will just right
out of her she's over a week late she's
gotta have it today right no I think
it's still gonna be a while
care to make it interesting I bet you
that she'll have it by this time
tomorrow you're on okay how much
$100,000 how about fifty bucks
fine I'll call Zurich and move some
money around no one's here
oh damn it I'm on ranches here oh and
it's still pregnant sorry I know how
uncomfortable you are you know what you
look great yeah like 50 bucks oh I have
to go pee
apparently this baby thinks that my
bladder is a squeeze toy damn it damn it
Jeff fifty bucks that's interesting that
you lost
no I forget do you like to lose my
summit double or nothing that she has it
by tomorrow
fine you're wrong okay until then
General Grant why don't you set up camp
right there hey it's Rachel here we have
a doctor's appointment she's in the
bathroom Rach we gotta go people ask me
why we're not together I just don't know
what to tell them do you want to go
change first doctors keeping the office
open late for us but if you hurry no I'm
fine really you don't think that's a
little inappropriate
what good god man don't anger it
raus it is 100 degrees outside for the
first time in weeks I am sorry whatever
you want okay you're the mommy no uh-uh
pal huh don't call me Mommy it's bad
enough you call your own mother that I'm
actually with her on this one